I never thought I'd say this, but my
latest Minecraft video got me on the
news. Mog Swamp, a channel with more
than two and a half million subscribers.
This is pretty impressive stuff. Oh,
yeah. You know, Ernie, this is about
taking Minecraft and pushing it to the
limit. It all started when I visited San
Antonio for the first time after moving
to Austin in 2020. I saw this skyscraper
downtown that really captured my
attention with its pointy green roof and
gothic details. I wanted to find out
more, so I ended up poking around the
tower, but most of it was close off to
the public. I decided to try recreating
the tower in Minecraft, and that's when
my interest turned into an obsession. As
I poured through blueprints and
historical photos, it turns out San
Antonio had been plagued with terrible
flooding until they did some massive
terraforming projects to redirect the
river running through downtown, which
turned this awkward peninsula into the
perfect site for development. It took me
hundreds of hours to design the build,
clear out all the dirt, build all of the
farms necessary to get the resources,
and finally build the tower. But all of
my time was somehow worth it because
people actually took notice. The video
quickly started picking up views and the
next thing I knew I was driving to San
Antonio for an interview. I had no idea
what to expect, but the news people were
actually super nice and chill. I'm
always trying to one up myself and go
bigger and bigger and basically just
share my creativity with people. Deon
Karp, KAT2 News.